Add Drupal and mattermost files (#155)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/mattermost.md

---
name: Mattermost
category: Messaging/Comms

> description: Mattermost’s mission is to make the world safer and more productive by developing and delivering secure, open source collaboration software that is trusted, flexible, and workflow-centric.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Mattermost is an open source platform for secure collaboration across the entire software development lifecycle.
```
